[Doc][Kommander]RC1 Release Notes: Add items to address new items coming to Kommander. (#3392)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/1.3/release-notes/index.md

| **Minimum**        | 1.16.0  |
| **Maximum**        | 1.18.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.18.8  |

# Breaking changes

## Docker hub rate limiting 
Docker Hub announced an update to their image pull policies in August, 2020. The change results in the need to change cluster configurations to accommodate new account structures that enable image pull rate limiting.

Rate limiting happens on a per-pull basis regardless of whether the pulled image is owned by a paid user. This means D2iQ, as owner of most images used in Konvoy, does not have any influence as to whether your current address is rate-limited or not. Konvoy does not have a strict dependency on Docker Hub accounts or plans.

For more information on addressing this limit, see [Docker hub rate limits](../operations/manage-docker-hub-rate-limits).

# New Features

> ## Kudo Spark compatibility 

Reviewer: Wording from Konvoy: https://github.com/mesosphere/konvoy/pull/2734/files

```
# KUDO Spark compatibility

Kommander 1.3 requires KUDO Spark 3.0 because Spark 2.4 does not support Kubernetes 1.18.
To continue using KUDO Spark on Konvoy 1.6 and above, upgrade to KUDO Spark 3.0.
For details on how to migrate workloads to Spark 3.0, consult the official [migration guides](https://spark.apache.org/releases/spark-release-3-0-0.html) for each relevant module.
```

| **Minimum**        | 1.16.0  |
| **Maximum**        | 1.18.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.18.8  |

# Breaking changes

## Docker hub rate limiting 
Docker Hub announced an update to their image pull policies in August, 2020. The change results in the need to change cluster configurations to accommodate new account structures that enable image pull rate limiting.

Rate limiting happens on a per-pull basis regardless of whether the pulled image is owned by a paid user. This means D2iQ, as owner of most images used in Konvoy, does not have any influence as to whether your current address is rate-limited or not. Konvoy does not have a strict dependency on Docker Hub accounts or plans.

For more information on addressing this limit, see [Docker hub rate limits](../operations/manage-docker-hub-rate-limits).

## Kudo Spark compatibility 

# New Features and Capabilities

> ## Control and configure addon federation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Control and configure platform service federation
```

> Customers now have the ability to control and configure which addons get installed into an attached cluster. In Kommander specific addons can be federated to attached non-Konvoy clusters. In each workspace customers can specify which addons are federated to the attached non-Konvoy clusters. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customers now have the ability to control and configure which platform services get installed into an attached cluster by workspace. In Kommander specific platform services can be federated to attached non-Konvoy clusters. In each workspace customers can specify which platform services are federated to the attached non-Konvoy clusters. 
```

- thanos: 0.10.1
- cost-analyzer: 1.70.1

## Control and configure addon federation

Customers now have the ability to control and configure which addons get installed into an attached cluster. In Kommander specific addons can be federated to attached non-Konvoy clusters. In each workspace customers can specify which addons are federated to the attached non-Konvoy clusters. 

## Managed cluster multi-tenancy

Customers now have the ability to share clusters across multiple projects and teams to meet their various use cases and needs. 

Refer to [network policies](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/latest/projects/network-policies/) for more information.

> ## Dispatch continuous delivery on Kommander

Reviewer 3: This should be continuous deployment instead of delivery same with below.
